README.md, before:


I challenged myself to solve a coding problem daily, it can either be a newsletter problem sent by daily coding challenge everyday, Leetcode monthly challenge or previously asked questions by big tech.

## Daily Coding Problems

|  # | Company                   | Description               | Solution                               |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| 31 | Google| [distance beween two string](Recursion/31_distance_two_strings.py) | [solution](Recursion/31_distance_two_strings.py) |
| 33 | Microsoft| [running median of a sequence](Arrays/33_running_median.py) | [solution](Arrays/33_running_median.py) |
| 35 | Google| [strict RGB sequence](Arrays/35_strict_RGB_sequence.py) | [solution](Arrays/35_strict_RGB_sequence.py) |
| 37 | Google| [Power set](Recursion/37_power_set.py) | [solution](Recursion/37_power_set.py) |
| 38 | Microsoft| [N queen](Recursion/38_n_queen.py) | [solution](Recursion/38_n_queen.py) |
| 41 | Facebook| [flight iternary](Arrays/41_flight_iternary.py) | [solution](Arrays/41_flight_iternary.py) |
| 42 | Google| [subset add to target](Recursion/42_subset_adds_to_k.py) | [solution](Recursion/42_subset_adds_to_k.py) |
| 47 | Amazon | [Buy Stock 1](Recursion/buy_stock_1.py) | [solution](Recursion/buy_stock_1.py) |
| 49 | Amazon | [ Maximum Subarray](Arrays/49_maximum_sum_subaaray.py) | [solution](Arrays/49_maximum_sum_subaaray.py) |
| 50 | Microsoft | [ Evaluate expression in Binary tree](Trees2/evaluate-expression-binary-ree.py) | [solution](Trees2/evaluate-expression-binary-ree.py) |
| 51 | Facebook | [ Generates perfectly random](Arrays/51_shuffle_swap_cards.py) | [solution](Arrays/51_shuffle_swap_cards.py) |
| 53 | Apple | [ Implement Queue using two stacks ](stacks_and_queues/53_implement_queue_with_two_stacks.py) | [solution](stacks_and_queues/53_implement_queue_with_two_stacks.py) |
| 54 | DropBox | [ Sudoku ](Recursion/sudoku.py) | [solution](Recursion/sudoku.py) |
| 58 | Amazon |[Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array ](Arrays/find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) |
| 60 | Facebook | [ Parition two subset ](Recursion/partition_two_equal_subsest.py) | [solution](Recursion/partition_two_equal_subsest.py) |
| 61 | Google | [Pow(x, n) ](Recursion/pow.py) | [solution](Recursion/pow.py) |
| 62 | Facebook | [Way to Reach Bottom matrix ](Trees2/62_way_to_reach_bottom_matrix.py) | [solution](Trees2/62_way_to_reach_bottom_matrix.py) |
| 63 | Microsoft | [find word in matrix ](Trees2/63_find_word_in_matrix.py) | [solution](Trees2/63_find_word_in_matrix.py) |
| 74 | Apple | [Number of times Element appears ](Arrays/element_appears.py) | [solution](Arrays/element_appears.py) |
| 75 | Microsoft | [Longest Increasing Subsequence ](Recursion/longest_increasing_subsequence_recur.py) | [solution](Recursion/longest_increasing_subsequence_recur.py) |
| 76  | Google |  [Delete column to make it sorted](Arrays/delete_colums_to_make_sorted.py) | [solution](Arrays/delete_colums_to_make_sorted.py) |
| 77  | SnapChat | [Merge Intervals](Arrays/merge_intervals.py) | [solution](Arrays/merge_intervals.py) |
| 78  | Facebook | [Non Decreasing Array](Arrays/79_non_decreasing_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/79_non_decreasing_array.py)
| 81  | Yelp | [Phone Number Combination](Recursion/81_phone_number_combination.py) | [solution](Recursion/81_phone_number_combination.py) 
| 86  | Google | [Minimum parenthesis remove to make it valid](stacks_and_queues/86_minimum_parenthesis_remove.py) | [solution](stacks_and_queues/86_minimum_parenthesis_remove.py)
| 88  | ContextLogic | [Implement division without using division, multiplication or Modulus](Arrays/88_implement_division.py) | [solution](Arrays/88_implement_division.py)
| 89  | LinkedIn | [Valid BST](Trees2/89_valid_BST.py) | [solution](Trees2/89_valid_BST.py)
| 90  | Google | [Generate random number excluding he lsit](Arrays/90_generate_random_excluding_list.py) | [solution](Arrays/90_generate_random_excluding_list.py)
| 91  | DropBox | [Dry run code snippet](Arrays/91_dropbox_debug_snippet.py) | [solution](Arrays/91_dropbox_debug_snippet.py)
| 96  | Microsoft | [Subsets ](Recursion/generate_subsets.py) | [solution](Recursion/generate_subsets.py) |
| 98  | Courseera | [Word Search](Recursion/word_search.py) | [solution](Recursion/word_search.py) |
| 99  | Microsoft | [Longest Consecutive Sequence](Arrays/longest_consecutive_sequence.py) | [solution](Arrays/longest_consecutive_sequence.py) |
| 100 | Google | [Minimum steps to cover an infinite grid](Arrays/minimum_step_cover_infinite_grid.py) | [solution](Arrays/minimum_step_cover_infinite_grid.py) |
| 101 | Alibaba | [Return two primes who's sum equals the number](Arrays/two_prime_equal_to_sum.py) | [solution](Arrays/two_prime_equal_to_sum.py) |

## Dynamic Programming / Recursion / Back Tracking
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Airthmetic slices](Recursion/airthmetic_slices.py) | [solution](Recursion/airthmetic_slices.py) |
| 2  | [Buy Stock 1](Recursion/buy_stock_1.py) | [solution](Recursion/buy_stock_1.py) |
| 3  | [Coin change](Recursion/coinchange.py) | [solution](Recursion/coinchange.py) |
| 4  | [Coin change 2](Recursion/coin_change_2.py) | [solution](Recursion/coin_change_2.py) |
| 5  | [Combination Sum](Recursion/combination_sum.py) | [solution](Recursion/combination_sum.py) |
| 6  | [Combination Sum 2](Recursion/combination_II.py) | [solution](Recursion/combination_II.py) |
| 7  | [Combinations ](Recursion/combination_n_k.py) | [solution](Recursion/combination_n_k.py) |
| 8  | [Factorial ](Recursion/factorial.py) | [solution](Recursion/factorial.py) |
| 9  | [Fibonnaci ](Recursion/fibonacci.py) | [solution](Recursion/fibonacci.py) |
| 10  | [Flood fill ](Recursion/flood_fill.py) | [solution](Recursion/flood_fill.py) |
| 11  | [Frog Jump ](Recursion/frog.py) | [solution](Recursion/frog.py) |
| 12  | [Generate all substrings ](Recursion/generate_all_substring.py) | [solution](Recursion/generate_all_substring.py) |
| 13  | [Generate all Parenthesis ](Recursion/generate_parenthesis.py) | [solution](Recursion/generate_parenthesis.py) |
| 14  | [Subsets ](Recursion/generate_subsets.py) | [solution](Recursion/generate_subsets.py) |
| 15  | [Letter Combinations of a Phone Number ](Recursion/letter_combination.py) | [solution](Recursion/letter_combination.py) |
| 16  | [Longest Palindromic Substring ](Recursion/longest_palindromic_string.py) | [solution](Recursion/longest_palindromic_string.py) |
| 17  | [Making A Large Island ](Recursion/making_a_large_island.py) | [solution](Recursion/making_a_large_island.py) |
| 18  | [Maximal Square ](Recursion/maximal_square.py) | [solution](Recursion/maximal_square.py) |
| 19  | [First Missing Positive ](Recursion/min_number.py) | [solution](Recursion/min_number.py) |
| 20  | [Minimum Falling Path Sum ](Recursion/minimum_falling_path_sum.py) | [solution](Recursion/minimum_falling_path_sum.py) |
| 21  | [Minimum Path Sum ](Recursion/minimum_path_sum.py) | [solution](Recursion/minimum_path_sum.py) |
| 22  | [Number of Longest Increasing Subsequence ](Recursion/number_of_longest_increasing_subsequence.py) | [solution](Recursion/number_of_longest_increasing_subsequence.py) |
| 23  | [Paint House ](Recursion/paint_house.py) | [solution](Recursion/paint_house.py) |
| 24  | [House Robber ](Recursion/pick_dont_pick.py) | [solution](Recursion/pick_dont_pick.py) |
| 24  | [Pow(x, n) ](Recursion/pow.py) | [solution](Recursion/pow.py) |
| 25  | [Subsets II ](Recursion/subset_II.py) | [solution](Recursion/subset_II.py) |
| 26  | [Triangle ](Recursion/trianglr.py) | [solution](Recursion/trianglr.py) |
| 27  | [N Queen II ](Recursion/n_queen_II.py) | [solution](Recursion/n_queen_II.py) |
| 28  | [Expression and Operator ](Recursion/expression_and_operator.py) | [solution](Recursion/expression_and_operator.py) |
| 29  | [Shortest path grid ](Recursion/shortest_path_grid.py) | [solution](Recursion/shortest_path_grid.py) |
| 30  | [Shortest path grid with obstacles ](Recursion/shortest_path_grid_with_obstacle_elimination.py) | [solution](Recursion/shortest_path_grid_with_obstacle_elimination.py) |
| 31  | [Jump Game](Recursion/jump_game.py) | [solution](Recursion/jump_game.py) |
| 32  | [Word Search](Recursion/word_search.py) | [solution](Recursion/word_search.py) |
| 32  | [Word Search II](Recursion/word_search_II.py) | [solution](Recursion/word_search_II.py) |
| 33  | [Maximum length Subarray with positive product](Recursion/maximum_length_subarray_with_positive_product.py) | [solution](Recursion/maximum_length_subarray_with_positive_product.py) |

## Trees
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Two Sum IV - Input is a BST ](Trees2/two_sum_IV.py) | [solution](Trees2/two_sum_IV.py) |
| 2  | [BFS & DFS ](Trees2/BFS_DFS.py) | [solution](Trees2/BFS_DFS.py) |
| 3  | [Binary Tree from List ](Trees2/BinartTreeFromList.py) | [solution](Trees2/BinartTreeFromList.py) |
| 4  | [Binary Search Tree ](Trees2/BinarySearchTree.py) | [solution](Trees2/BinarySearchTree.py) |
| 5  | [BST from List ](Trees2/BinarySearchTreeFromList.py) | [solution](Trees2/BinarySearchTreeFromList.py) |
| 6  | [Binary Tree Average Level ](Trees2/BinaryTreeAverageLevel.py) | [solution](Trees2/BinaryTreeAverageLevel.py) |
| 7  | [Connected components undirected graph ](Trees2/connected_component_undirected_graph.py) | [solution](Trees2/connected_component_undirected_graph.py) |
| 8  | [Count good node](Trees2/count_good_node.py) | [solution](Trees2/count_good_node.py) |
| 9  | [Evaluate expression binary tree ](Trees2/evaluate-expression-binary-ree.py) | [solution](Trees2/evaluate-expression-binary-ree.py) |
| 10  | [Left & Right View Tree ](Trees2/left_and_right_view_tree.py) | [solution](Trees2/left_and_right_view_tree.py) |
| 11  | [Maximum product of splitted binary tree ](Trees2/maximum_product_of_splitted_binary_tree.py) | [solution](Trees2/maximum_product_of_splitted_binary_tree.py) |
| 12  | [N-ary tree level traversal ](Trees2/N-ary-level-traversal.py) | [solution](Trees2/N-ary-level-traversal.py) |
| 13  | [Number of islands ](Trees2/number_of_islands.py) | [solution](Trees2/number_of_islands.py) |
| 14  | [Path Sum II ](Trees2/path_sum_II.py) | [solution](Trees2/BFS_DFS.py) |
| 15  | [Path Sum ](Trees2/pathSum.py) | [solution](Trees2/pathSum.py) |
| 16  | [Redundant connection cycle in graph ](Trees2/Redundant_Connection_cycle_in_graph.py) | [solution](Trees2/Redundant_Connection_cycle_in_graph.py) |
| 17  | [Smallest subtree with all deepest node ](Trees2/smallest_subtree_with_all_the_deepest_nodes.py) | [solution](Trees2/smallest_subtree_with_all_the_deepest_nodes.py) |
| 18  | [Verify Preorder Serialization of a Binary Tree ](Trees2/preorder_serialize_binary_tree.py) | [solution](Trees2/preorder_serialize_binary_tree.py) |
| 19  | [Same Tree ](Trees2/same_tree.py) | [solution](Trees2/same_tree.py) |
| 20  | [Diameter of Binary Tree ](Trees2/diameter_binary_tree.py) | [solution](Trees2/diameter_binary_tree.py) |


## Arrays
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Complex Number Multiplication](Arrays/complex_number_multiplication.py) | [solution](Arrays/complex_number_multiplication.py) |
| 2  | [Sum of squares number](Arrays/sum_of_square_numbers.py) | [solution](Arrays/sum_of_square_numbers.py) |
| 3  | [3 Sum](Arrays/3sum.py) | [solution](Arrays/3sum.py) |
| 4  | [Add string](Arrays/add_strings.py) | [solution](Arrays/add_strings.py) |
| 5  | [first And Last Element SortedArray](Arrays/firstAndLastElementSortedArray.py) | [solution](Arrays/firstAndLastElementSortedArray.py) |
| 6  | [Array  of doubled pairs ](Arrays/array_of_doubled_pairs.py) | [solution](Arrays/array_of_doubled_pairs.py) |
| 7  | [Search in Rotated Sorted Array ](Arrays/search_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/search_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) |
| 8  | [Range Addition II ](Arrays/range_addition_II.py) | [solution](Arrays/range_addition_II.py) |
| 9  | [Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array ](Arrays/find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) |
| 10  | [Array Nesting ](Arrays/Arrray_nesting.py) | [solution](Arrays/Arrray_nesting.py) |
| 11  | [Orderly Queue ](Arrays/orderly_queue.py) | [solution](Arrays/orderly_queue.py) |
| 12  | [Count special quadruples ](Arrays/count_special_quadruples.py) | [solution](Arrays/count_special_quadruples.py) |
| 13  | [Slowest key ](Arrays/slowest_key.py) | [solution](Arrays/slowest_key.py) |
| 14  | [Shifting Letters ](Arrays/shifting_letters.py) | [solution](Arrays/shifting_letters.py) |
| 15  | [Max Multiply three numbers ](Arrays/multiply_three_umber.py) | [solution](Arrays/multiply_three_umber.py) |
| 16  | [Perfect Number ](Arrays/perfect_number.py) | [solution](Arrays/perfect_number.py) |
| 17  | [Merge Sorted Array ](Arrays/merge_sorted_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/merge_sorted_array.py) |
| 18  | [Reverse only Letters ](Arrays/reverse_only_letters.py) | [solution](Arrays/reverse_only_letters.py) |
| 19  | [Longest Turbulent Subarray ](Arrays/longest_turbulent_subarray.py) | [solution](Arrays/longest_turbulent_subarray.py) |
| 20  | [Spiral Matrix](Arrays/spiral_matrix.py) | [solution](Arrays/spiral_matrix.py) |
| 21  | [Delete column to make it sorted](Arrays/delete_colums_to_make_sorted.py) | [solution](Arrays/delete_colums_to_make_sorted.py) |
| 22  | [Merge Intervals](Arrays/merge_intervals.py) | [solution](Arrays/merge_intervals.py) |
| 23  | [Intersection Two Arrays II](Arrays/intersection_two_arrays_II.py) | [solution](Arrays/intersection_two_arrays_II.py) |
| 24  | [Remove duplicates sorted array](Arrays/remove_duplicates.py) | [solution](Arrays/remove_duplicates.py) |
| 25  | [Valid Tic Tac Toe](Arrays/valid_tic_tac_toe.py) | [solution](Arrays/valid_tic_tac_toe.py) |
| 26  | [Valid Tic Tac Toe](Arrays/max_consecutive_ones.py) | [solution](Arrays/max_consecutive_ones.py) |
| 27  | [Maximum Length of a Concatenated String with Unique Characters](Arrays/max_length_concat_string_unique_length.py) | [solution](Arrays/max_length_concat_string_unique_length.py) |
| 28  | [Break a palindrome](Arrays/break_palindrome.py) | [solution](Arrays/break_palindrome.py) |
| 28  | [Tribonnacci Number](Arrays/tribonnacci.py) | [solution](Arrays/tribonnacci.py) |
| 29  | [Unique Email Address](Arrays/unique_email_address.py) | [solution](Arrays/unique_email_address.py) |
| 30  | [Sort Array Parity II](Arrays/sort_array_parity_II.py) | [solution](Arrays/sort_array_parity_II.py) |
| 31  | [Island Perimeter](Arrays/island_perimeter.py) | [solution](Arrays/island_perimeter.py) |
| 32  | [Find All Duplicates in Array](Arrays/find_all_duplicates_in_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/find_all_duplicates_in_array.py) |
| 33  | [Longest Consecutive Sequence](Arrays/longest_consecutive_sequence.py) | [solution](Arrays/longest_consecutive_sequence.py) |
| 34  | [Count Primes](Arrays/count_primes.py) | [solution](Arrays/count_primes.py) |
| 35  | [Minimum steps to cover an infinite grid](Arrays/minimum_step_cover_infinite_grid.py) | [solution](Arrays/minimum_step_cover_infinite_grid.py) |
| 36 | [Return two primes who's sum equals the number](Arrays/two_prime_equal_to_sum.py) | [solution](Arrays/two_prime_equal_to_sum.py) |

## Link List
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Reverse a Link List](LinkList/reverse.py) | [solution](LinkList/reverse.py) |
| 2  | [Split Link List in Parts](LinkList/split_link_list_in_parts.py) | [solution](LinkList/split_link_list_in_parts.py) |

## Stack and Queues
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Minimum parenthesis remove to make it valid](stacks_and_queues/86_minimum_parenthesis_remove.py) | [solution](stacks_and_queues/86_minimum_parenthesis_remove.py) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Bitwise AND of Numbers Range](bit-manipulation/bitwise_AND_of_number_range.py) | [solution](bit-manipulation/bitwise_AND_of_number_range.py) |
## How to contribute

Feel free to send me a pull requests, if you spot issues with any of my solutions!

Happy Coding !!!

Commit message:

construct BST from preorder traversal

README.md, after:


I challenged myself to solve a coding problem daily, it can either be a newsletter problem sent by daily coding challenge everyday, Leetcode monthly challenge or previously asked questions by big tech.

## Daily Coding Problems

|  # | Company                   | Description               | Solution                               |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| 31 | Google| [distance beween two string](Recursion/31_distance_two_strings.py) | [solution](Recursion/31_distance_two_strings.py) |
| 33 | Microsoft| [running median of a sequence](Arrays/33_running_median.py) | [solution](Arrays/33_running_median.py) |
| 35 | Google| [strict RGB sequence](Arrays/35_strict_RGB_sequence.py) | [solution](Arrays/35_strict_RGB_sequence.py) |
| 37 | Google| [Power set](Recursion/37_power_set.py) | [solution](Recursion/37_power_set.py) |
| 38 | Microsoft| [N queen](Recursion/38_n_queen.py) | [solution](Recursion/38_n_queen.py) |
| 41 | Facebook| [flight iternary](Arrays/41_flight_iternary.py) | [solution](Arrays/41_flight_iternary.py) |
| 42 | Google| [subset add to target](Recursion/42_subset_adds_to_k.py) | [solution](Recursion/42_subset_adds_to_k.py) |
| 47 | Amazon | [Buy Stock 1](Recursion/buy_stock_1.py) | [solution](Recursion/buy_stock_1.py) |
| 49 | Amazon | [ Maximum Subarray](Arrays/49_maximum_sum_subaaray.py) | [solution](Arrays/49_maximum_sum_subaaray.py) |
| 50 | Microsoft | [ Evaluate expression in Binary tree](Trees2/evaluate-expression-binary-ree.py) | [solution](Trees2/evaluate-expression-binary-ree.py) |
| 51 | Facebook | [ Generates perfectly random](Arrays/51_shuffle_swap_cards.py) | [solution](Arrays/51_shuffle_swap_cards.py) |
| 53 | Apple | [ Implement Queue using two stacks ](stacks_and_queues/53_implement_queue_with_two_stacks.py) | [solution](stacks_and_queues/53_implement_queue_with_two_stacks.py) |
| 54 | DropBox | [ Sudoku ](Recursion/sudoku.py) | [solution](Recursion/sudoku.py) |
| 58 | Amazon |[Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array ](Arrays/find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) |
| 60 | Facebook | [ Parition two subset ](Recursion/partition_two_equal_subsest.py) | [solution](Recursion/partition_two_equal_subsest.py) |
| 61 | Google | [Pow(x, n) ](Recursion/pow.py) | [solution](Recursion/pow.py) |
| 62 | Facebook | [Way to Reach Bottom matrix ](Trees2/62_way_to_reach_bottom_matrix.py) | [solution](Trees2/62_way_to_reach_bottom_matrix.py) |
| 63 | Microsoft | [find word in matrix ](Trees2/63_find_word_in_matrix.py) | [solution](Trees2/63_find_word_in_matrix.py) |
| 74 | Apple | [Number of times Element appears ](Arrays/element_appears.py) | [solution](Arrays/element_appears.py) |
| 75 | Microsoft | [Longest Increasing Subsequence ](Recursion/longest_increasing_subsequence_recur.py) | [solution](Recursion/longest_increasing_subsequence_recur.py) |
| 76  | Google |  [Delete column to make it sorted](Arrays/delete_colums_to_make_sorted.py) | [solution](Arrays/delete_colums_to_make_sorted.py) |
| 77  | SnapChat | [Merge Intervals](Arrays/merge_intervals.py) | [solution](Arrays/merge_intervals.py) |
| 78  | Facebook | [Non Decreasing Array](Arrays/79_non_decreasing_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/79_non_decreasing_array.py)
| 81  | Yelp | [Phone Number Combination](Recursion/81_phone_number_combination.py) | [solution](Recursion/81_phone_number_combination.py) 
| 86  | Google | [Minimum parenthesis remove to make it valid](stacks_and_queues/86_minimum_parenthesis_remove.py) | [solution](stacks_and_queues/86_minimum_parenthesis_remove.py)
| 88  | ContextLogic | [Implement division without using division, multiplication or Modulus](Arrays/88_implement_division.py) | [solution](Arrays/88_implement_division.py)
| 89  | LinkedIn | [Valid BST](Trees2/89_valid_BST.py) | [solution](Trees2/89_valid_BST.py)
| 90  | Google | [Generate random number excluding he lsit](Arrays/90_generate_random_excluding_list.py) | [solution](Arrays/90_generate_random_excluding_list.py)
| 91  | DropBox | [Dry run code snippet](Arrays/91_dropbox_debug_snippet.py) | [solution](Arrays/91_dropbox_debug_snippet.py)
| 96  | Microsoft | [Subsets ](Recursion/generate_subsets.py) | [solution](Recursion/generate_subsets.py) |
| 98  | Courseera | [Word Search](Recursion/word_search.py) | [solution](Recursion/word_search.py) |
| 99  | Microsoft | [Longest Consecutive Sequence](Arrays/longest_consecutive_sequence.py) | [solution](Arrays/longest_consecutive_sequence.py) |
| 100 | Google | [Minimum steps to cover an infinite grid](Arrays/minimum_step_cover_infinite_grid.py) | [solution](Arrays/minimum_step_cover_infinite_grid.py) |
| 101 | Alibaba | [Return two primes who's sum equals the number](Arrays/two_prime_equal_to_sum.py) | [solution](Arrays/two_prime_equal_to_sum.py) |

## Dynamic Programming / Recursion / Back Tracking
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Airthmetic slices](Recursion/airthmetic_slices.py) | [solution](Recursion/airthmetic_slices.py) |
| 2  | [Buy Stock 1](Recursion/buy_stock_1.py) | [solution](Recursion/buy_stock_1.py) |
| 3  | [Coin change](Recursion/coinchange.py) | [solution](Recursion/coinchange.py) |
| 4  | [Coin change 2](Recursion/coin_change_2.py) | [solution](Recursion/coin_change_2.py) |
| 5  | [Combination Sum](Recursion/combination_sum.py) | [solution](Recursion/combination_sum.py) |
| 6  | [Combination Sum 2](Recursion/combination_II.py) | [solution](Recursion/combination_II.py) |
| 7  | [Combinations ](Recursion/combination_n_k.py) | [solution](Recursion/combination_n_k.py) |
| 8  | [Factorial ](Recursion/factorial.py) | [solution](Recursion/factorial.py) |
| 9  | [Fibonnaci ](Recursion/fibonacci.py) | [solution](Recursion/fibonacci.py) |
| 10  | [Flood fill ](Recursion/flood_fill.py) | [solution](Recursion/flood_fill.py) |
| 11  | [Frog Jump ](Recursion/frog.py) | [solution](Recursion/frog.py) |
| 12  | [Generate all substrings ](Recursion/generate_all_substring.py) | [solution](Recursion/generate_all_substring.py) |
| 13  | [Generate all Parenthesis ](Recursion/generate_parenthesis.py) | [solution](Recursion/generate_parenthesis.py) |
| 14  | [Subsets ](Recursion/generate_subsets.py) | [solution](Recursion/generate_subsets.py) |
| 15  | [Letter Combinations of a Phone Number ](Recursion/letter_combination.py) | [solution](Recursion/letter_combination.py) |
| 16  | [Longest Palindromic Substring ](Recursion/longest_palindromic_string.py) | [solution](Recursion/longest_palindromic_string.py) |
| 17  | [Making A Large Island ](Recursion/making_a_large_island.py) | [solution](Recursion/making_a_large_island.py) |
| 18  | [Maximal Square ](Recursion/maximal_square.py) | [solution](Recursion/maximal_square.py) |
| 19  | [First Missing Positive ](Recursion/min_number.py) | [solution](Recursion/min_number.py) |
| 20  | [Minimum Falling Path Sum ](Recursion/minimum_falling_path_sum.py) | [solution](Recursion/minimum_falling_path_sum.py) |
| 21  | [Minimum Path Sum ](Recursion/minimum_path_sum.py) | [solution](Recursion/minimum_path_sum.py) |
| 22  | [Number of Longest Increasing Subsequence ](Recursion/number_of_longest_increasing_subsequence.py) | [solution](Recursion/number_of_longest_increasing_subsequence.py) |
| 23  | [Paint House ](Recursion/paint_house.py) | [solution](Recursion/paint_house.py) |
| 24  | [House Robber ](Recursion/pick_dont_pick.py) | [solution](Recursion/pick_dont_pick.py) |
| 24  | [Pow(x, n) ](Recursion/pow.py) | [solution](Recursion/pow.py) |
| 25  | [Subsets II ](Recursion/subset_II.py) | [solution](Recursion/subset_II.py) |
| 26  | [Triangle ](Recursion/trianglr.py) | [solution](Recursion/trianglr.py) |
| 27  | [N Queen II ](Recursion/n_queen_II.py) | [solution](Recursion/n_queen_II.py) |
| 28  | [Expression and Operator ](Recursion/expression_and_operator.py) | [solution](Recursion/expression_and_operator.py) |
| 29  | [Shortest path grid ](Recursion/shortest_path_grid.py) | [solution](Recursion/shortest_path_grid.py) |
| 30  | [Shortest path grid with obstacles ](Recursion/shortest_path_grid_with_obstacle_elimination.py) | [solution](Recursion/shortest_path_grid_with_obstacle_elimination.py) |
| 31  | [Jump Game](Recursion/jump_game.py) | [solution](Recursion/jump_game.py) |
| 32  | [Word Search](Recursion/word_search.py) | [solution](Recursion/word_search.py) |
| 32  | [Word Search II](Recursion/word_search_II.py) | [solution](Recursion/word_search_II.py) |
| 33  | [Maximum length Subarray with positive product](Recursion/maximum_length_subarray_with_positive_product.py) | [solution](Recursion/maximum_length_subarray_with_positive_product.py) |

## Trees
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Two Sum IV - Input is a BST ](Trees2/two_sum_IV.py) | [solution](Trees2/two_sum_IV.py) |
| 2  | [BFS & DFS ](Trees2/BFS_DFS.py) | [solution](Trees2/BFS_DFS.py) |
| 3  | [Binary Tree from List ](Trees2/BinartTreeFromList.py) | [solution](Trees2/BinartTreeFromList.py) |
| 4  | [Binary Search Tree ](Trees2/BinarySearchTree.py) | [solution](Trees2/BinarySearchTree.py) |
| 5  | [BST from List ](Trees2/BinarySearchTreeFromList.py) | [solution](Trees2/BinarySearchTreeFromList.py) |
| 6  | [Binary Tree Average Level ](Trees2/BinaryTreeAverageLevel.py) | [solution](Trees2/BinaryTreeAverageLevel.py) |
| 7  | [Connected components undirected graph ](Trees2/connected_component_undirected_graph.py) | [solution](Trees2/connected_component_undirected_graph.py) |
| 8  | [Count good node](Trees2/count_good_node.py) | [solution](Trees2/count_good_node.py) |
| 9  | [Evaluate expression binary tree ](Trees2/evaluate-expression-binary-ree.py) | [solution](Trees2/evaluate-expression-binary-ree.py) |
| 10  | [Left & Right View Tree ](Trees2/left_and_right_view_tree.py) | [solution](Trees2/left_and_right_view_tree.py) |
| 11  | [Maximum product of splitted binary tree ](Trees2/maximum_product_of_splitted_binary_tree.py) | [solution](Trees2/maximum_product_of_splitted_binary_tree.py) |
| 12  | [N-ary tree level traversal ](Trees2/N-ary-level-traversal.py) | [solution](Trees2/N-ary-level-traversal.py) |
| 13  | [Number of islands ](Trees2/number_of_islands.py) | [solution](Trees2/number_of_islands.py) |
| 14  | [Path Sum II ](Trees2/path_sum_II.py) | [solution](Trees2/BFS_DFS.py) |
| 15  | [Path Sum ](Trees2/pathSum.py) | [solution](Trees2/pathSum.py) |
| 16  | [Redundant connection cycle in graph ](Trees2/Redundant_Connection_cycle_in_graph.py) | [solution](Trees2/Redundant_Connection_cycle_in_graph.py) |
| 17  | [Smallest subtree with all deepest node ](Trees2/smallest_subtree_with_all_the_deepest_nodes.py) | [solution](Trees2/smallest_subtree_with_all_the_deepest_nodes.py) |
| 18  | [Verify Preorder Serialization of a Binary Tree ](Trees2/preorder_serialize_binary_tree.py) | [solution](Trees2/preorder_serialize_binary_tree.py) |
| 19  | [Same Tree ](Trees2/same_tree.py) | [solution](Trees2/same_tree.py) |
| 20  | [Diameter of Binary Tree ](Trees2/diameter_binary_tree.py) | [solution](Trees2/diameter_binary_tree.py) |
| 21  | [Construct a BST from preorder traversal ](Trees2/construct_BST_from_preorder_traversal.py) | [solution](Trees2/construct_BST_from_preorder_traversal.py) |


## Arrays
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Complex Number Multiplication](Arrays/complex_number_multiplication.py) | [solution](Arrays/complex_number_multiplication.py) |
| 2  | [Sum of squares number](Arrays/sum_of_square_numbers.py) | [solution](Arrays/sum_of_square_numbers.py) |
| 3  | [3 Sum](Arrays/3sum.py) | [solution](Arrays/3sum.py) |
| 4  | [Add string](Arrays/add_strings.py) | [solution](Arrays/add_strings.py) |
| 5  | [first And Last Element SortedArray](Arrays/firstAndLastElementSortedArray.py) | [solution](Arrays/firstAndLastElementSortedArray.py) |
| 6  | [Array  of doubled pairs ](Arrays/array_of_doubled_pairs.py) | [solution](Arrays/array_of_doubled_pairs.py) |
| 7  | [Search in Rotated Sorted Array ](Arrays/search_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/search_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) |
| 8  | [Range Addition II ](Arrays/range_addition_II.py) | [solution](Arrays/range_addition_II.py) |
| 9  | [Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array ](Arrays/find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/find_minimum_in_rotated_sorted_array.py) |
| 10  | [Array Nesting ](Arrays/Arrray_nesting.py) | [solution](Arrays/Arrray_nesting.py) |
| 11  | [Orderly Queue ](Arrays/orderly_queue.py) | [solution](Arrays/orderly_queue.py) |
| 12  | [Count special quadruples ](Arrays/count_special_quadruples.py) | [solution](Arrays/count_special_quadruples.py) |
| 13  | [Slowest key ](Arrays/slowest_key.py) | [solution](Arrays/slowest_key.py) |
| 14  | [Shifting Letters ](Arrays/shifting_letters.py) | [solution](Arrays/shifting_letters.py) |
| 15  | [Max Multiply three numbers ](Arrays/multiply_three_umber.py) | [solution](Arrays/multiply_three_umber.py) |
| 16  | [Perfect Number ](Arrays/perfect_number.py) | [solution](Arrays/perfect_number.py) |
| 17  | [Merge Sorted Array ](Arrays/merge_sorted_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/merge_sorted_array.py) |
| 18  | [Reverse only Letters ](Arrays/reverse_only_letters.py) | [solution](Arrays/reverse_only_letters.py) |
| 19  | [Longest Turbulent Subarray ](Arrays/longest_turbulent_subarray.py) | [solution](Arrays/longest_turbulent_subarray.py) |
| 20  | [Spiral Matrix](Arrays/spiral_matrix.py) | [solution](Arrays/spiral_matrix.py) |
| 21  | [Delete column to make it sorted](Arrays/delete_colums_to_make_sorted.py) | [solution](Arrays/delete_colums_to_make_sorted.py) |
| 22  | [Merge Intervals](Arrays/merge_intervals.py) | [solution](Arrays/merge_intervals.py) |
| 23  | [Intersection Two Arrays II](Arrays/intersection_two_arrays_II.py) | [solution](Arrays/intersection_two_arrays_II.py) |
| 24  | [Remove duplicates sorted array](Arrays/remove_duplicates.py) | [solution](Arrays/remove_duplicates.py) |
| 25  | [Valid Tic Tac Toe](Arrays/valid_tic_tac_toe.py) | [solution](Arrays/valid_tic_tac_toe.py) |
| 26  | [Valid Tic Tac Toe](Arrays/max_consecutive_ones.py) | [solution](Arrays/max_consecutive_ones.py) |
| 27  | [Maximum Length of a Concatenated String with Unique Characters](Arrays/max_length_concat_string_unique_length.py) | [solution](Arrays/max_length_concat_string_unique_length.py) |
| 28  | [Break a palindrome](Arrays/break_palindrome.py) | [solution](Arrays/break_palindrome.py) |
| 28  | [Tribonnacci Number](Arrays/tribonnacci.py) | [solution](Arrays/tribonnacci.py) |
| 29  | [Unique Email Address](Arrays/unique_email_address.py) | [solution](Arrays/unique_email_address.py) |
| 30  | [Sort Array Parity II](Arrays/sort_array_parity_II.py) | [solution](Arrays/sort_array_parity_II.py) |
| 31  | [Island Perimeter](Arrays/island_perimeter.py) | [solution](Arrays/island_perimeter.py) |
| 32  | [Find All Duplicates in Array](Arrays/find_all_duplicates_in_array.py) | [solution](Arrays/find_all_duplicates_in_array.py) |
| 33  | [Longest Consecutive Sequence](Arrays/longest_consecutive_sequence.py) | [solution](Arrays/longest_consecutive_sequence.py) |
| 34  | [Count Primes](Arrays/count_primes.py) | [solution](Arrays/count_primes.py) |
| 35  | [Minimum steps to cover an infinite grid](Arrays/minimum_step_cover_infinite_grid.py) | [solution](Arrays/minimum_step_cover_infinite_grid.py) |
| 36 | [Return two primes who's sum equals the number](Arrays/two_prime_equal_to_sum.py) | [solution](Arrays/two_prime_equal_to_sum.py) |
| 37 | [Subarray sum equal to k](Arrays/subarray_sum_equal_k.py) | [solution](Arrays/subarray_sum_equal_k.py) |

## Link List
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Reverse a Link List](LinkList/reverse.py) | [solution](LinkList/reverse.py) |
| 2  | [Split Link List in Parts](LinkList/split_link_list_in_parts.py) | [solution](LinkList/split_link_list_in_parts.py) |

## Stack and Queues
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Minimum parenthesis remove to make it valid](stacks_and_queues/86_minimum_parenthesis_remove.py) | [solution](stacks_and_queues/86_minimum_parenthesis_remove.py) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  # | Description               | Solution |
|----|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| 1  | [Bitwise AND of Numbers Range](bit-manipulation/bitwise_AND_of_number_range.py) | [solution](bit-manipulation/bitwise_AND_of_number_range.py) |
## How to contribute

Feel free to send me a pull requests, if you spot issues with any of my solutions!

Happy Coding !!!
